Alert that UAN has moved to USS (#96)
Cray-HPE/uan: README.md

# User Access Nodes

> NOTE: User Access Nodes are now part of the User Services Software in USS-1.1.0. This repository is no longer maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: User Access Nodes are now part of HPE Cray User Services Software (USS) beginning with the 1.1.0 release. This repository is no longer maintained.
```
